README.md, before:

## Reconciling Quantum system decay 
Using class simulation tooling to augment Mapomatic error mapping passes.

### high-level 
- Qiskit Metal, generate device file (gds>?)
- HotSpot, implement device thermal simulation
    - Model dilution env.
    - Generate a steady state temperature


# NOTES:
## MAPOTMATIC:

### Cost function / Error Representations

[default cost function](https://github.com/qiskit-community/mapomatic/blob/bd8e5d7254dadaed2f576143acbd62cae138578d/mapomatic/layouts.py#L215-L250)



## QISKIT METAL
- [ ] Get pyaedt working
- [ ] find a way to use the gui over vnc

I have had some much trouble getting this library to work:
### pyaedt 
(python ansys lib) would not build but using
```bash
$ mkdir wheel
$ cd wheel && wget https://github.com/ansys/pyaedt/releases/download/v0.6.46/PyAEDT-v0.6.46-wheelhouse-Linux-3.10.zip
$ unzip PyAEDT-v0.6.46-wheelhouse-Linux-3.10.zip  
```
followed by a:
```
$ pip install --no-cache-dir --no-index --find-links=/pool/alexb/qcs/wheel/  pyaedt==0.6.46
```
fixed this issue.

## HOTSPOT

- [x] learn how to run a steady state simulation in hotspot so we can pipe that into the init file
    - Throw a `-steady_file <fname>` onto the `run.sh`
- [ ] Figure out a clean way to translate qmetal to hotspot


### Examples explained
># Example 1
>This is a simulation of running gcc on a floorplan similar to an Alpha EV6 processor using HotSpot's block model.
># Example 2
>This is the same simulation as Example 1, except we use HotSpot's grid model instead.
># Example 3
>In this example, we run a simple 3D simulation. We also demonstrate in this simulation how some of HotSpot's included scripts can be used to generate heat maps.

### [Layer configuration file \*.lcf](https://github.com/uvahotspot/HotSpot/wiki/File-Types#layer-configuration-file-lcfhttps://github.com/uvahotspot/HotSpot/wiki/File-Types#layer-configuration-file-lcfhttps://github.com/uvahotspot/HotSpot/wiki/File-Types#layer-configuration-file-lcfhttps://github.com/uvahotspot/HotSpot/wiki/File-Types#layer-configuration-file-lcfhttps://github.com/uvahotspot/HotSpot/wiki/File-Types#layer-configuration-file-lcfhttps://github.com/uvahotspot/HotSpot/wiki/File-Types#layer-configuration-file-lcf)
#### default
> Without a layer configuration file, HOTSPOT models the input chip as four layers: 
> - a user-specified layer described by a floor plan
> - a thermal interface material
> - a heat spreader layer
> - and a heat sink layer

**if layer conf specified, layers ordered top to bottom**
>  "list each layer in order from the topmost layer (the layer adjacent to the heat spreader) to the bottommost layer (the layer farthest from the heat spreader)."

### [Floorplan file \*.flp](https://github.com/uvahotspot/HotSpot/wiki/File-Types#floorplan-files-flp)

### [Power Trace File \*.ptrace](https://github.com/uvahotspot/HotSpot/wiki/File-Types#power-trace-file-ptrace)

### [Materials file \*.materials](https://github.com/uvahotspot/HotSpot/wiki/File-Types#materials-file-materials)

Commit message:

Add more example code for mapomatic side of project
Gate_error viz effectively has all the code we need to gathering the
error information, we just need to write to files and this side of the
project is effectively done on the gather side.

README.md, after:

# TODO:
- [ ] Make simple database of error data across all backends 
- [ ] Create shared representation from qmetal output to hotspot input
    - [ ] try not to make a full parser for this
- [ ] look for simpliest implementation of workflow


## Reconciling Quantum system decay 
Using class simulation tooling to augment Mapomatic error mapping passes.

### high-level 
- Qiskit Metal, generate device file (gds>?)
- HotSpot, implement device thermal simulation
    - Model dilution env.
    - Generate a steady state temperature


# NOTES:
## MAPOTMATIC:

### Cost function / Error Representations

[default cost function](https://github.com/qiskit-community/mapomatic/blob/bd8e5d7254dadaed2f576143acbd62cae138578d/mapomatic/layouts.py#L215-L250)

### [Get Error Information](https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit/blob/ff15ce40479324449ec8ad8205c90d2a7b02fb11/qiskit/visualization/gate_map.py#L1385C9-L1432C21)(implemented in `qiskit.visualization.gate\_map.py`)

## QISKIT METAL
- [ ] Get pyaedt working
- [ ] find a way to use the gui over vnc

I have had some much trouble getting this library to work:
### pyaedt 
(python ansys lib) would not build but using
```bash
$ mkdir wheel
$ cd wheel && wget https://github.com/ansys/pyaedt/releases/download/v0.6.46/PyAEDT-v0.6.46-wheelhouse-Linux-3.10.zip
$ unzip PyAEDT-v0.6.46-wheelhouse-Linux-3.10.zip  
```
followed by a:
```
$ pip install --no-cache-dir --no-index --find-links=/pool/alexb/qcs/wheel/  pyaedt==0.6.46
```
fixed this issue.

## HOTSPOT

- [x] learn how to run a steady state simulation in hotspot so we can pipe that into the init file
    - Throw a `-steady_file <fname>` onto the `run.sh`
- [ ] Figure out a clean way to translate qmetal to hotspot


### Examples explained
># Example 1
>This is a simulation of running gcc on a floorplan similar to an Alpha EV6 processor using HotSpot's block model.
># Example 2
>This is the same simulation as Example 1, except we use HotSpot's grid model instead.
># Example 3
>In this example, we run a simple 3D simulation. We also demonstrate in this simulation how some of HotSpot's included scripts can be used to generate heat maps.

### [Layer configuration file \*.lcf](https://github.com/uvahotspot/HotSpot/wiki/File-Types#layer-configuration-file-lcfhttps://github.com/uvahotspot/HotSpot/wiki/File-Types#layer-configuration-file-lcfhttps://github.com/uvahotspot/HotSpot/wiki/File-Types#layer-configuration-file-lcfhttps://github.com/uvahotspot/HotSpot/wiki/File-Types#layer-configuration-file-lcfhttps://github.com/uvahotspot/HotSpot/wiki/File-Types#layer-configuration-file-lcfhttps://github.com/uvahotspot/HotSpot/wiki/File-Types#layer-configuration-file-lcf)
#### default
> Without a layer configuration file, HOTSPOT models the input chip as four layers: 
> - a user-specified layer described by a floor plan
> - a thermal interface material
> - a heat spreader layer
> - and a heat sink layer

**if layer conf specified, layers ordered top to bottom**
>  "list each layer in order from the topmost layer (the layer adjacent to the heat spreader) to the bottommost layer (the layer farthest from the heat spreader)."

### [Floorplan file \*.flp](https://github.com/uvahotspot/HotSpot/wiki/File-Types#floorplan-files-flp)

### [Power Trace File \*.ptrace](https://github.com/uvahotspot/HotSpot/wiki/File-Types#power-trace-file-ptrace)

### [Materials file \*.materials](https://github.com/uvahotspot/HotSpot/wiki/File-Types#materials-file-materials)
